[Support] Migrate out new customer FAQ + Enhanced HTTP/2 troubleshooting (#11666)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/speed/optimization/protocol/troubleshooting/enhanced-http2-prioritization-ios-safari.md

---
pcx_content_type: troubleshooting
title: Enhanced HTTP/2 Prioritization negatively affects iOS/Safari devices
layout: list
---

# Enhanced HTTP/2 Prioritization negatively affects iOS/Safari devices

> Occasionally, [Enhanced HTTP/2 Prioritization](/speed/optimization/protocol/enhanced-http2-prioritization/) can negatively affect the experience of visitors using iOS or Safari browsers.

Author: ```suggestion
Occasionally, [Enhanced HTTP/2 Prioritization](/speed/optimization/protocol/enhanced-http2-prioritization/) can negatively affect the experience of visitors using Safari on macOS or any browser on iOS.
```

These visitors may notice not being able to load the site properly, such as images not displaying or content taking too long to load.

## Solution

> If visitors using iOS or Safari browsers are experiencing issues with your site loading properly, try [disabling Enhanced HTTP/2 Prioritization](/speed/optimization/protocol/enhanced-http2-prioritization/#enable-enhanced-http2-prioritization).

Reviewer: Nit: It may be worth discerning Safari browsers on Mac. Something like `using Safari on macOS or any browser on iOS`.

> If visitors using iOS or Safari browsers are experiencing issues with your site loading properly, try [disabling Enhanced HTTP/2 Prioritization](/speed/optimization/protocol/enhanced-http2-prioritization/#enable-enhanced-http2-prioritization).

Author: ```suggestion
If visitors using using Safari on macOS or any browser on iOS are experiencing issues with your site loading properly, try [disabling Enhanced HTTP/2 Prioritization](/speed/optimization/protocol/enhanced-http2-prioritization/#enable-enhanced-http2-prioritization).
```
